Support CA's priority expander config in `Shoot`s `Worker` spec (#11045)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/high-availability/shoot_high_availability_best_practices.md

      scaleDownUtilizationThreshold: 0.5
```

> In addition to that, it is also possible to configure the CA priority expander by adding priorities to the worker groups like this:

Reviewer: Could you explain the consequence of having a priority defined for only a few pools, i.e., what's the default prio for pools not having one?

> In addition to that, it is also possible to configure the CA priority expander by adding priorities to the worker groups like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to that, it is also possible to configure the [`cluster-autoscaler` priority expander](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/expander/priority/readme.md) by adding priorities to the worker groups like this:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: core.gardener.cloud/v1beta1
kind: Shoot
spec:
  provider:
    workers:

>       - name: worker1
>         priority: 40 # priority of this worker group
>         machine:
>           type: local
>       - name: worker2
>         machine:
>           type: local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - name: worker1
      priority: 40 # priority of this worker group
      machine:
        type: local
    - name: worker2
      machine:
        type: local
```
Nit
